Add TPC-H inspired examples for Libcudf (#16088)
rapidsai/cudf: cpp/examples/tpch/README.md

# TPC-H Inspired Examples

> Implementing the TPC-H queries using `libcudf`. We leverage the data generator (wrapper around official TPC-H datagen) from [Apache Datafusion](https://github.com/apache/datafusion) for generating data in the form of Parquet files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implements TPC-H queries using `libcudf`. We leverage the data generator (wrapper around official TPC-H datagen) from [Apache Datafusion](https://github.com/apache/datafusion) for generating data in Parquet format.
```

# TPC-H Inspired Examples

Implementing the TPC-H queries using `libcudf`. 

## Data Generation

We leverage the data generator (wrapper around official TPC-H datagen) from [Apache Datafusion](https://github.com/apache/datafusion) for generating data in the form of Parquet files. 

### Requirements 

- Rust

### Steps

1. Clone the datafusion repository.
```bash
git clone git@github.com:apache/datafusion.git
```

2. Run the data generator. The data will be placed in a `data/` subdirectory.
```bash
cd datafusion/benchmarks/
./bench.sh data tpch

# for scale factor 10,
./bench.sh data tpch10
```

> ## Executing Queries

Reviewer: I think building and running libcudf and examples could be removed from here

### Steps

> 

Reviewer: I would recommend putting any query example specific instructions (like the expected input args, the output results and how to interpret them) in the cpp file examples as well as `cout` them when running the example.
Something like [this](https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf/blob/branch-24.08/cpp/examples/parquet_io/parquet_io.cpp#L80) and [this](https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf/blob/branch-24.08/cpp/examples/parquet_io/parquet_io.cpp#L130)

1. Clone the cudf repository.
```bash
git clone git@github.com:JayjeetAtGithub/cudf.git
git checkout tpch-bench
```

2. Build `libcudf`.
```bash
cd cudf/
./build.sh libcudf
```

3. Build the examples.
```bash
cd cpp/examples
./build.sh
```
The TPC-H query binaries would be built inside `examples/tpch/build`.

4. Execute the queries.
```bash
./tpch/build/tpch_q1
```
A parquet file named `q1.parquet` would be generated holding the results of the query.

> ## Implementation Status

Reviewer: This can also be removed from here and put in PR description directly.
